And on the eighth day, God looked down on his planned paradise and said, I need a caretaker.
So God made a farmer.
God said, I need somebody willing to get up before dawn, milk cows, work all day in the fields, milk cows again, eat supper, then go to town and stay past midnight at a meeting of the school board.
I need somebody with arms strong enough to wrestle a calf and yet gentle enough to deliver his own grandchild.
Somebody to call hogs, tame cantankerous machinery, come home hungry, have to wait lunch until his wife's done feeding visiting ladies, then tell the ladies to be sure and come back real soon and mean it."
So God made a farmer.
God said, I need somebody willing to sit up all night with a newborn colt and watch it die and dry his eyes and say, maybe next year.
I need somebody who can shape an axe handle from a persimmon sprout, shoe a horse with a hunk of car tire, who can make harness out of hay wire, feed sacks, and shoe scraps, who, planting time and harvest season, will finish his 40-hour week by Tuesday noon and then pain in from tractor back put in another 72 hours."
So God made a farmer.
God had to have somebody willing to ride the ruts at double speed to get the hay in ahead of the rain clouds and yet stop in midfield and race to help when he sees the first smoke from a neighbor's place.
God said, I need somebody strong enough to clear trees and heave bales, yet gentle enough to yeen lambs and wean pigs and tend to pink-combed pullets who will stop his mower for an hour to splint the broken leg of a meadowlark.
It had to be somebody who'd plow deep and straight and not cut corners.
Somebody to seed, weed, feed, breed, and rake, and disc, and plow, and plant, and tie the fleece, and strain the milk, and replenish the self-feeder, and finish a hard week's work with a five-mile drive to church.
Somebody who'd bail a family together with a soft, strong bonds of sharing, who would laugh, and then sigh, and then reply with smiling eyes when his son says,
that he wants to spend his life doing what Dad does.
So God made a farmer.
Test one, two, testing.
Test one.
Test one, two.
That's better.
I'm
Well, look at you.
A general, huh?
Someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the Battle of Denev.
Well, don't look at me, pal.
I just said you were a fair pilot.
I didn't know they were looking for somebody to lead this crazy attack.
I'm surprised they didn't ask you to do it.
Well, who says they didn't?
But I ain't crazy.
You're the respectful one, remember?
The Emperor's made a critical error and the time for our attack has come.
The data brought to us by the Bothan spies pinpoints the exact location of the Emperor's new battle station.
We also know that the weapon systems of this Death Star are not yet operational.
With the Imperial fleet spread throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to engage us, it is relatively unprotected.
But most important of all, we've learned that the Emperor himself is personally overseeing the final stages of the construction of this Death Star.
Many bothans died to bring us this information.
The next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of America, of the American people, is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us, to ruin maybe America, I don't know, crash the dollar, I don't know, steal the rest of what limited treasury value we have left, I don't know.
But I know for sure that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary and more importantly never be possible.
Hey, thanks for the compliment on the slideshow.
Sometimes I think nobody even watches it anymore, but yeah, I have to do it live.
It's not like I just set it up and push play.
Chickens are going nuts outside, but I'm going to keep that microphone off.
This is a Red Pill recap.
I'm going to talk a little bit about some of the points that I missed in the Red Pill talk, make some excuses for myself, and then do a recap of the last week or so to get this week started off right.
Thank you very much for joining.
Good to see everybody in the chat.
And I'm going to apologize ahead of time if I've used this tune already, but it's been in my list and I play, I, you know, I just love this band so much.
So it's not like I can really tell how many times I've played this song, but anyway, thanks for joining me.
Hank and Sue and Johnny Mac and Ray Every time I hear them, they'll be out to play Sound got me wound, time to settle down If they play in tune, blues is poppin' soon Hope they're still my friends when this song comes to an end
Just a country boy living on the land, dancing with my cousin to a nice New York band.
People jumping around, smiles look like frowns.
Couldn't tell exactly what they're getting down.
Couldn't take the roar.
Nothing but a bore.
Right, right.
country music moves my soul.
Listen to my radio, I never know where to go.
Three guitar and a bass and drum.
Whole pile of them strums.
Couldn't tell where it's coming from.
Sounds so loud it made me dumb.
Couldn't
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
And boy am I happy to be here where we're staying focused on the biology, not taking the bait on social media and loving our neighbors.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I am just, I am, I don't know what to say.
I feel really good.
I feel really hopeful.
My consciousness is relatively free right now.
Um, because I think progress has been made against these charlatans.
They're starting to become a coherent, obvious group, standing apart from the rest of us.
And, uh, it's brilliant.
And social media is essentially how they've done it.
We know that now, and as we start to think about it that way, their illusion becomes more obvious.
It also becomes more obvious because they don't seem to be able to say anything near intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
They don't seem to be anywhere near realizing that transfection in healthy humans was always criminal, and they certainly can't touch RNA cannot pandemic.
I think this is a moment, ladies and gentlemen, a moment in a long history where the organized habits and opinions of us and our parents have been controlled as an important mechanism of our governance.
And that's about to change.
If the internet could become free, we could break out of this limited spectrum.
Unfortunately, at the start of the pandemic, all of us were kicked out of this moving truck on our own.
We were all picked up by our own private social media rescue team.
And no matter which car we got into or who we who we decided to run from and and seek out as as help.
Inevitably, social media provided you with a bunch of fake people who agreed on one thing, that there was a mystery virus.
I mean, of course there was a mystery molecule that's responsible for this, but actually, no, it's just people.
It's just murder and lies, and that's why there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
That's why we don't have a lawyer that seems to be able to succinctly describe
why it is that the government should be held to strict scrutiny if they take away fundamental rights.
You know, like the Seventh Amendment or something like that.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need a new consensus in America.
We need a new consensus about our vaccine schedule.
We need a new consensus about what transfection is and was before the pandemic.
And we need a new consensus about what biology is really out there and what biology isn't.
And RNA definitely can't pandemic.
This illusion of consensus is something that is going to be hard to break because it's such a coordinated chorus of witting and unwitting participants that form the wall of this new kind of totalitarianism that was actually described a long time ago.
The acolytes that are running the show quietly are intermingled with people who are just trying to make ends meet like myself.
And it's very easy for someone like myself to get caught up in the mystery solving and in the rescue effort.
And if the train is really not in need of stopping,
but these people convince you to help them stop it, then it's going to feel very much like you're part of a big team.
Come over here and pull on the rope with us is basically what they say.
And that's what this Rescue the Republic was all about.
That's what the Trump administration unity party is all about.
It's still the same weaponized piles of money convincing us with whom to argue.
And if we argue with those people, we're going to get sucked into their narrative and answering their questions.
And those questions will never free our grandchildren.
That's it.
It's about the best that I can say it.
If we ask the wrong questions, our grandchildren will never be free.
Unfortunately, most of our parents didn't ask the right questions.
The guy that you're listening to is a recovering academic neurobiologist.
I used to be a microscope jockey.
There's a long history of my work on the internet.
And you can look up what a gigaohm seal is or what a gigaohm means.
It's a billion ohms of resistance.
It's like an infinite resistance, really.
And yeah, it's when borosilicate glass comes in contact with a lipid biolayer, you get a really cool electrical phenomenon that occurs.
And it allows for really high resolution recording of what we think are the neuronal, the basis for neuronal signaling.
And I think this biology is still pretty cool.
It's just a question of if we understand all of that biology, are we going to really know anything meaningful about the brain other than it's way too complex to understand?
That's really what it is.
You're appreciating the complexity of creation and the creator's work.
And that's what GigaOM Biological is all about.
Stream.gigaom.bio.com is a good place to go.
That's actually not an up-to-date picture anymore because there's a new channel.
called JC on the Hardwood.
And I'm gonna do a lot of this stuff also on the basketball court.
The first video is already up.
The audio is garbage.
My son said, why do you sound like a stormtrooper?
Why do you sound like a stormtrooper?
He's a very, he's a very astute critic of my work.
And, uh, oh, no memory card.
Yeah, yeah, there it is.
Hello, welcome to the show.
This is Gigo and Biological.
I don't know why that's on.
Did I push the wrong button?
This should be front inset, right?
What in the hell?
That's weird.
What is going on?
It's like it opened up the wrong, uh...
Or I hit a, okay, I don't really know what's happening here, but I'm gonna get rid of you.
That should be okay.
Everything else looks all right.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is Gecko and Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's the 19th of November, 2024.
I am coming to you live from my garage.
It's early in the morning.
Early in the morning for me to be online.
I'm really happy that I'm kind of online on time.
I have an interesting show I think today, something that will be worth listening to.
I think I can do it pretty succinctly, although it'll probably take me a couple hours in total.
Welcome to the Starship.
We are in a place that I never thought we would be, in a different dimension, in a different time, something like that.
And I'm not sure we can get it back to where we were, but I do want to do my best to hand over the world to my children, something that I'm proud to have contributed to, rather than something I'm afraid is still falling apart.
And so in that vein, I want to recap my red pill presentation and also do another presentation about or another sort of swing at the fence with regard to really trying to see what was done to us and how this coordinated effort of narrative control on the internet
Is likely to have been responsible for getting us here for running out the clock to 2024 almost 2025 and more importantly for for
preserving the foundational biological myths upon which a RNA pandemic is most certainly built, but also upon which the Human Genome Project rests and billions of dollars in shuffling of money in the NIH rests upon these basic biological assumptions about what is true and what is known and how high and high fidelity and what degree that is known.
And this is all an illusion that needs to be sustained
And a friend of mine this morning made the observation, actually, that there are running out of people that are read in well enough to sustain the illusion.
You can't just keep bringing new people on stage and sustain the illusion because then you have more and more and more people that need to know where all the holes are, need to know where all the traps are, need to know where all the, well, let's not talk about that kind of things are that basically serve as the foundation for a lot of what Mark Kulak does on Housatonic ITS and Housatonic Live and definitely form the foundation of what I do
And that's why I start the program with a list of things that nobody talks about.
And then you see that, you know, instead of saying something useful about those points, which I offer every time I can, and certainly at the beginning of every presentation that I do, these people will inevitably go to some previous incident or a previous example of me being less than gentlemanly or less than optimal.
in my near psychotic state sometimes, because why?
Because these people have worked together to put us all on extremely shaky psychological ground.
Even Jordan Peterson said at the beginning of the pandemic already, he was as lost as the rest of us because in psychological disarray.
And I think by fighting for the truth, by denying the certainty of people and questioning the certainty of people, I've actually preserved my sanity.
Yes, at times I've been very angry and very frustrated, but I think one of the things that you should see as a red thread through this is that anybody that was genuinely fighting for the truth, anyone that had really seen an alien isn't going to be happy about the fact that they have to explain that for the rest of their lives.
knowing that the alien may never come back, knowing that it may never manifest itself this way again.
And so the I told you so moment, the I saw what I saw moment, it starts to fade.
And so that's on purpose.
And that's specifically what these people do, as they smear this mythology over the course of five years, instead of being essentially where I was in 2020, they are there now.
And the culmination of this clownery is that Brett Weinstein had Jessica Rose on his podcast a couple days ago, they did a recording, and they essentially describe exactly where I was in 2020.
with a lab leak and a Moderna patent and actually a Pitt professor meeting me for coffee to talk to me about the significance of that paper.
This is not a joke.
This is a very serious moment in history.
Because they are talking about a paper.
that I actually spoke to the author of, because he works at the University of Pittsburgh, and he explained to me the significance of it and what it meant, and kind of walked me through how it is that, what does this paper really mean to you?
What does it mean in terms of it being a laboratory-created virus?
And so, of course, I answered his questions over coffee, but I already was skeptical by that point.
And so instead, what it was for me was really shocking how many names this guy dropped.
and how little he was suffering in the lockdown.
And what else he works on, which is breast cancer.
And so he didn't wanna speak out publicly about it, but he was encouraging me to do it, but he didn't wanna really imply what the paper implied directly because he's got a lot of money and a lot of funding from clinical trials.
He explained that over coffee to me.
My wife was there.
And so it is kinda like I've seen an alien and I'm not happy about it.
I'm not happy that I have to keep telling people, no really dude, these people have all seeded this narrative.
I do feel like I'm on a starship.
I feel like I'm on another planet sometimes.
And so this skillful social media use is exactly how I got to that other planet.
That's how I got there.
I fought these people, and I thought I was fighting with these people, and I was not fighting with these people.
Oh, what happened here?
I didn't load that yet.
So this is going to stop for a second.
Sorry about that.
And I need to load these settings here.
Ding, ding.
And then that camera won't be focused, of course, because I'm a monkey.
And I got started, I just had to push the button.
Some of my friend, my friend is telling me I just have to push the button.
So now I'm just pushing the button.
And so sometimes some of these cameras are going to be out of focus or things are going to be the wrong way, but that's okay.
I know how to fix these things.
So that's good, right?
And so yeah, social media use, you know, it's a, it's a thing that trapped me and I think it could trap our children permanently if we don't attack it full force.
attack it as a weapon of governance, attack it as a weapon of the military, attack it as something that also needs active participants.
You can't do it without these people, these acolytes, these people who are trained in the narrative well enough to know how to make it feel like there is a real knowledge being shared.
and a real revelations being given, real insight that shouldn't be questioned, but just accepted.
And that's what all these people did.
And that's what these people continue to do.
And it's as really as clowny as that sounds, because Steve Kirsch is somewhere on the internet today being paraded by Tess Laurie, that he's somehow finally said that vaccines cause autism because no one else could say it.
It's weird.
It's a weird time because again, as this social media performance goes on, I might have to stop it and start it again.
As this social media performance goes on,
What you really have is the slow roll titration to a truth and some truths at a time.
And so while people are being distracted by the apparent pogrom that's happening in the Netherlands when certain soccer teams come to town,
This narrative is slowly being rolled out where the old vaccine schedules aren't bad, but they may have some bad things in them.
And the RNA shots might've been contaminated.
So there is a what if or a and but.
And that performance is still happening now, but it's inside of this carefully constructed debate with a careful timeline that gets us exactly where we want to be with the exact right sort of scope of understanding.
And that relies on a few biological principles being accepted as canon, as indisputable facts.
And that's why Brett Weinstein and Sam Harris and Kevin McKernan and Meryl Nass and all of these people that parade as experts are really important.
Jessica Rose, these are all people that
parade around with an expert opinion.
They are the stunt riders.
And because they can ride so awesomely inside of this sphere, you don't want to get on a motorcycle.
You're not sure if you can do it, but riding in the sphere is not required.
You don't need to ride in the sphere if you don't argue and answer their questions.
And that's the trick.
We have been fooled into answering their questions, to debating and arguing with them about what they want to argue about.
And until Mark and I and Joe and Scott and a few other people have decided to redefine the argument, it has been very difficult to escape their narrative.
And that's how these mythologies are created and sustained.
And that's why it's so dangerous
for X to exist, and locals, and telegram, and every one of these military programs is capable of generating whole mythologies, and people who understand them very well, and then can spread to other social media platforms to do the same thing.
So at the Red Pill Conference, I was challenged by Edward Griffin to give a talk that fit the title, Germs and Viruses Don't Cause Diseases, Then What Does?
I don't know if you know anybody else who would say, sure, I'll give a talk like that.
But I felt like there was no way for me to say no to the opportunity to present.
And then it just was a question of, what would be given to me to present?
What ideas would come to my head and how would I answer this question?
And I came up with the answer that healthy people don't get sick.
and I came up with a 30,000 foot list of the things that I think healthy people have, and then if you're really honest about it, very few of us have any of these things in the quantity that we need.
I will be very, very honest to say that it still hurts me every day that my brother doesn't talk to me, that my parents still, I don't know, I'm not happy about that.
but I am very blessed with a loving marriage, and I'm very blessed with healthy children, although there's sore throat in the house right now, and I'm very blessed to have a couple dogs.
But, you know, we have clean water because we have a seven stage reverse osmosis filter.
But that's also something that you got to kind of have nowadays.
And so clean food.
I mean, I'm lucky that I have enough support so that we eat pretty well.
We don't eat stuff out of boxes and bags in general.
And a clean environment.
Well, Pittsburgh is one of the worst air quality places in America because we live close to Ohio and Eastern Ohio ain't cool.
The water here is not great because again, the industry that was here for all these years in the early history of America has made the soil kind of bad.
So, you know, it's kind of like what Belgium did to the south of the Netherlands and parts of Germany.
Exercising outdoors, you know, I play basketball, so I exercise indoors, but it's a big place and it's open.
But exercise is important.
But most of us, what can we say about that?
For me, I took 20 years off.
I couldn't hang on the rim until three weeks ago.
And before that, it was 20 years I couldn't hang on the rim.
And so, you know, we haven't been drinking clean water.
If you drink out of a bottle, you're not drinking clean water.
If you don't eat intentionally good food, you're not taking care of yourself.
And some of us didn't take care of ourselves for 10 or 20 years, thinking that, you know, the laws and the FDA and the health agencies were protecting us from toxins in our food, toxins in our water, that would be crazy.
I was drinking tap water in the Netherlands, that's ridiculous.
And so, yeah, we have to understand first and foremost that the basis for our understanding of whatever healthy is, is already sick.
Most of us have been in some stage of sickness or imperfect health, less than optimal our entire life.
And those of us who are in optimal condition don't get sick.
And I don't mean to say those of us as if I'm in optimal condition.
I mean, those of us as in people around us.
I am making a conscious choice not to use the word human anymore.
I wanna talk about people.
I wanna talk about little people and big people.
I wanna talk about people because people are persons and individuals.
And the moment you say human, it starts to sound like a species.
And so I don't like team human anymore.
I think I'm actually going to take, I'm human just like you out of there.
I'm a person just like you is what I'm going to put.
Because I do think that, gee, Edward Griffin is right.
And we need to get back to this idea because we also have a personal responsibility to our creator.
And that personal responsibility is something everybody's got to explore how that's gonna manifest for you.
I'm not gonna evangelize any particular faith, but we have to find some way of finding humility in the face of what we have been given, in the face of what we have been provided, and start to become stewards of that world instead of whatever we're doing now.
And that's how I'm starting to look at in terms of my family, and in terms of my faith, and in terms of my biology, and in terms of what I want to move forward.
It is really important to understand that the love of family and friends can also be created on the internet.
Not very many people came to the live GigaOM, but I tell you what, some of the people that came are in my heart in a way they would have never been in my heart had they not been in my house.
had they not smelled the mess and seen it for whatever it isn't.
I'm not ashamed of my broken trampoline and my unraked backyard and my hillbilly chicken coop.
I'm very proud of my children and I'm proud of my wife and all the work that she put into a conference for almost nobody but
Everybody that came had a really good time.
And I think that when we organize another one, it's gonna be a lot, lot better.
And it's gonna start with things like this.
It's gonna start with this and people who already understand how to explain this.
I don't need to be the expert on any of this stuff.
I just need to be the coach to send you in the right direction.
And so that's the idea behind what is a biology coach?
What am I trying to become?
Or what am I calling myself?
I do consult for lawyers if I can,
But as a person on the internet, I don't want to be a biology teacher.
What I want to be is a guy who points you in the right direction, gives you the right exercises to do.
And as a trainer, you can't do the exercise for anybody.
And so it is my, I am obliged to set a good example, I think.
And that's why I'm trying to start JC on the hardwood, because I do think that that's a great way for me to use what I'm already doing with my sons anyway.
in the same way that I was trying to use my bike commute for JC on a bike.
And so I really do see what has been given to me by this whole narrative serendipitously is this idea of an old biology versus a new biology.
And the new biology 101 isn't even mine.
It's great.
I can lean on people like Buckminster Fuller
to try and make the argument that if you wanna understand what biology really is and what life really is, then you're gonna have to start thinking in terms of aperiodic crystals and pattern integrities in a multi-layered code, both the architect's plan and the builder's materials and the builder's craft.
And those kinds of descriptions and those kinds of foundational ideas will prevent
the old biology from having the seductive nature that it does right now, which is that evolution can explain everything.
And you won't have people like Brett Weinstein running around thinking that he's dunking on Dawkins because Dawkins seems to think that there are some limitations to what evolution can explain.
And so life is a pattern integrity across time with a trajectory across time is basically the dunk that I kind of missed in the Red Pill Expo and Kathy on the soapbox nailed it.
I didn't say it.
I didn't enunciate what it really meant.
And so in the Red Pill episode, I gave a couple of Red Pill presentations.
I gave a couple examples of what I might have not started this one either.
So let me just make sure that this one's also queued up.
Um, that should put a little guy behind me and switch over there.
That's perfect.
And then, um, and then, um, yeah.
So I tried to give a couple examples of the kinds of things that I can do as a biology coach.
You know, I can, I can help us to find examples and think about examples where statistics can be manipulated and how statistics can be manipulated in the public eye.
I can um Help us think about how models are limited and what limitations are on the models and why?
it would be interesting to think about these models and those limitations and what would Why would those limitations be there?
And so I gave an example of of water being part of every protein model I think everybody in the audience is already aware of of how um how interesting water is um and how
potentially enabling water is at the molecular level because of its Lego-like structure.
It's crystal in nature, even in liquid.
Its tendency to be crystalline, even in liquid, gives it its surface tension properties and especially its properties on the smallest scale.
And of course, with the presence of ions and the presence of proteins, which are of course polarized molecules as well,
The potential for proteins to organize the water around them as part of their tertiary structure and the form and the function that they have is almost certain.
And curiously enough, you can't find very many modeling people that are thinking on that level.
And so again, if we can work on things like this that will help the average Joe biologist to be thinking at the scale, the time horizons, to see the pattern available to us, to know that the complication that we are trying to simplify is too complicated to simplify.
And instead of trying to reach some kind of seductive, simplified model that allows you to make a product, we will simply be doing science on the basis of trying to appreciate the complexities and the beauty of creation.
And so optogenetics is not a bio weapon is another thing that we can, you know, do episodes on where I can coach people so that when they listen to other presentations and they find other bit shoot people talking about how optogenetics is going to be used against us with a 5g weapon, you know, they can take that with a grain of salt that they themselves understand.
And so at the Red Pill, that was my goal was starting with the Human Genome Project is ongoing.
I wanted people to understand, number one, that what they achieved with the Human Genome Project in 2005 was a sort of first pass estimate as to how complicated the human genome was relative to other genomes they'd looked at.
Also, a sort of first pass landmark mapping of a few genomes where once they had some level of correlation, they said, hey, look, it looks like there's some pattern.
And in fact, the ideas that they then lauded as being obviously real were predictions that were made before we'd even found DNA.
Even something like a telomere, for example, was a phenomenon that was predicted before.
we really had a handle on the chemical structure of DNA.
And that's pretty remarkable.
And I don't think that that is an anecdotal observation, but rather it is something that I think establishes a pattern in how people have sought evidence of evolutionary theory explaining everything.
Because that would mean then that it would be a revealed truth about our species and would be an excuse for a Well, it would be described as as the human species reaching a new level of understanding of itself
And this argument was so seductive that when DNA was found, most of the people that were in that position were very ready and willing to write books and articles and go on the pulpit for the rest of their lives to say that, look, now we know for sure that evolution happened and God has revealed this to us.
And so now it's sort of our responsibility to take this knowledge and use it wisely.
And these illusions were created long ago by experiments that we now know are horribly limited and we know for a number of reasons, including the inbred mice experiments that we do in laboratories.
All of these, these, these
bibliographies, all of these huge, you know, I'm trying to think of the right word, bodies of work that are based in inbred mice have shown us the limitations of these and at the same time have bamboozled us into believing that genes play an outweighed role in understanding how these animals work, even though the experiments themselves don't suggest that.
It is the
It is the entire pile of experiments that makes the people that participate in the individual experiments imagine that that is implied.
If a lot of people around the world are birdwatching under the pretense that birds are actually gods, then it would be very easy for any one person to go outside and watch birds and take notes and pray to the birds and then look over to their neighbor and see them doing the same thing.
Then it's very, very difficult for a birdwatcher to realize that, oh wait, those are just birds and squirrels are the same.
We could pray to squirrels too.
And it's an illusion of consensus, but it's an illusion of consensus.
It's created across different time horizons.
And in science, the illusion of consensus about the primacy of DNA and the sort of watershed event that DNA and its discovery represents, that illusion of consensus is the essential cage that our
that our understanding of ourselves is trapped in.
And instead of thinking of us as individuals with our individual responsibility to do the best with the time we've been given, as Gandalf would say,
we see ourselves as part of a bigger phenomenon with much less control over our destiny and not responsible for as much as we actually are as individual souls.
And so I have also tried to point out then that human experiments actually require humans as experimental animals and that's what this really is all about.
It's about making it so that the remnant streams that were already very profitable from Planned Parenthood to corporate hospitals selling all the leftovers from all the things that they do, anybody that wanted to buy them could buy them.
I assure you, especially anything that is produced regularly or can be produced regularly, like foreskin or placenta,
And they don't clip the placenta because they don't want the baby to get the cells.
They want to throw the cells in the garbage.
They clip the placenta so that the stem cells stay in the placenta and it can be sold.
And cesarean section placentas may be even more valuable than post birth, post vaginal birth placentas because they can be significantly more preserved.
I don't know that's true, but maybe somebody should validate that or verify that because that would be pretty creepy.
And now we have remnants from COVID testing.
And we specifically had millions of remnants from all the college kids that they tested in 2021.
2020 and 2021.
when any of these people that I was talking to, any of these people at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine could have realized that I was right and said, wow, we shouldn't start transfecting these kids.
And we definitely should find out where the remnants of these tests are going.
Because if somebody's making money,
you know, wouldn't want to have a bunch of testing facilities come in business and go out of business in about a year and a half using EUA testing materials made in China and never really investigate whether any of those testing materials were produced in earnest because, you know, an EUA is just 10 pages of paperwork.
It's a real pain in the butt, according to Kevin McKernan.
And so explaining this at the Red Pill, you know, I knew what I wanted to say, but it's a long, it's a long shot explanation that people are gonna understand.
And so that's why I started with this one.
because I really do think that's the principle.
If you want to understand why the vaccine schedule in America is particularly criminal, then you need to understand that life is a pattern integrity across time.
And that's why I started drawing this, you know, this developmental cartoon with a sperm and an egg, and then, I don't know, a blastocyst or whatever it's called, and then a fetus, and then a baby.
Because then, of course, after the baby, there's years of development where the brain is still vulnerable and the trajectory is still vulnerable.
And the idea is, is that that trajectory, if you perturb it earlier and earlier, then you are forever off course in a much more drastic way.
And smaller perturbances earlier in a trajectory can have much more profound happenings than if you say, use drugs when you're 25.
One of the absolute hard truths that I used to say to my high school kids in Chicago, believe it or not, I used to have this thing where I used to tell the high school kids that we could have an off the air moment where, you know, what we say in the classroom is in the classroom.
Nobody can swear, can't talk about, you know, people, but we can talk about ideas.
And one of the things we talked about was drug use.
And I just said, well, I'm a biologist, so I'll just be frank with you.
I think your brain is on serious developmental trajectory until you're about 24, maybe 22.
And so my recommendation to you as a teenager would be that you don't use any drugs at all.
And you try very hard to keep your body as pure as possible until you're around 25.
And at that stage, you'll be significantly less vulnerable to long-term changes that you can't reverse.
That's the truth.
Do we ever tell that to children?
Do we ever tell kids that?
That, you know, it wouldn't be that big a deal if you just waited till you were 25.
Imagine how many problems we would solve if we just told kids the truth.
And the truth is, is that if you are a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time, as we understand the development of an animal, we understand the development of the brain and we'd study it really hard on the academic bench.
But are you telling me that not one academic scientist in America could have come up with the idea that, well, even if these shots are okay for grandma, I don't know if we know enough about them to know they're okay for kids or for pregnant women.
But somehow or another, we weren't able to get there.
Nobody was but me.
Nobody's still there but me.
And that's remarkable because we have a whole host of people who are representing themselves as experts in various fields of biology, various fields of molecular biology.
We have even somebody who says computational, mathematic biology, computational biology, immunology, molecular biology, and she can't get there either.
And that's the dunk that I missed in the talk, because intramuscular injection, the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin, at the very least, a biological argument could be made immediately, could have been made 10 years ago, that let's not push shots earlier and earlier in the development of our infants.
Let's not push shots into the development fetus time in a pregnant woman.
And it's remarkable to me that the argument that, you know, remember, you're not allowed to have sushi or unpasteurized cheese, but you're allowed to have a transfection or a flu shot or Tylenol
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection being the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin means that putting 12 shots before six months old of combinations of toxins into the muscle of our kids is criminal.
And you don't need to write a big thick book about that.
That's a pamphlet.
That's a business card.
And for an academic biologist, there should be thousands of them here by now.
If it wasn't for the exquisite illusion of consensus on television and social media that is sustained by a chorus of acolytes well-trained in where the weaknesses of this illusion are, and with very bright lights to shine elsewhere.
That's why I keep saying that we gotta be very, very wary of obviously the people who say that vaccines are good because they're not, they don't make sense.
Once we started doing it intramuscularly, it did not make sense anymore.
Even if the other ones didn't work or whatever, that's a different argument.
What I'm honing in on is intramuscular injection of a combination of substances cannot be medicine.
Vaccines contain toxins called adjuvants suggests that the rest of the stuff in a vaccine's okay.
This is a terrible, terrible argument that Brett Weinstein has been making and others like Aaron Seery and all of them.
They are exempt from liability.
They absolutely are.
There's no question that they are, but it is not an argument on the way out.
The way out is, is that on its face, these ideas are dumb and that makes them criminal.
And if that means that they've been criminal for 20 years, that's the way it is, ladies and gentlemen.
New vaccines are also untested and exempt.
These are other hamster wheels.
These are other motorcycle cages that we're being tricked into riding in.
Because the reality is, is RNA cannot pandemic.
An intramuscular injection of a combination of stuff is pretty silly.
So the components of that, some of them are bad.
The DNA is bad, but the lipid nanoparticle isn't.
The endotoxin isn't.
The FDA is corrupt, but it could be fixed by the right people.
Robert Malone just proposed a draft proposal of a draft that's not for any particular organization, although he listed a few of the organizations that he's not working for.
It's like the Benny Hill Show and the music is playing right now.
The food in the USA is bad.
No kidding.
The water's dirty.
No kidding, really?
Wow.
Huh.
Doesn't change the fact that intramuscular injection of kids is a terrible idea.
Probably the worst idea.
Again, because we are pattern integrities with a trajectory through time that used to matter.
The pregnant woman used to be something that we cherished as the most amazing manifestation of humanity, of personhood in the universe.
No makeup, no creams, no unpasteurized cheese, no sushi.
I'm friends with this guy.
He's never lied to me.
It's very possible, just like the bear story in the park.
that he's just extremely influenceable, a smart, articulate man who can be easily influenced by a room of people working him, just like I can be influenced by a group of people working me.
And all of us can be influenced by a group of people working me.
Donald Trump could be influenced by a group of people working him.
But at some point, we have to stop absolving these people of responsibility for being worked.
And so we have to give them a sword.
I thought I redid this slide.
I'm going to hit advance once.
I thought I redid that slide.
Hold on a second.
Let me check that.
Is that also coming up?
It's not.
Oh yeah, it is.
It's way up here.
Okay.
So that's good.
I didn't, it's okay.
So, um,
Just to be sure, you know, in the Netherlands, it was last week, somebody had to go up on stage, some minister of health or whatever.
And she basically explained that a lot of her actions during the pandemic and even some of her dishonesty was because she was under NATO restrictions.
She had to follow the NATO protocol.
And once you're on the NATO protocol, that's what you do.
And some of the NATO protocol was the messaging.
She just said that in front of the parliament in the Netherlands.
And so we need to give the weapon of intramuscular vaccination being wrong.
We need to give the weapon that the government should be held to strict scrutiny when depriving citizens of fundamental rights so that they can take down the PrEP Act
on a facial challenge and so that we can take down the vaccine mandate and liability protections on the concept that the biology is wrong.
It's dumb.
You can't inject toxins into people and then call it medicine and get away with it.
And we can't let it happen anymore.
This has to be the last generation of our children that are
damaged by this machine.
And the way we do it is we teach them biology 101, the new biology 101 that will make them love their child and see their child and see their pregnant spouse in a way that they should be seen as perfect and fearful on birth.
And another crucial thing for people to understand is that they can't touch RNA, cannot pandemic, because once they, once you figure out how to win, you don't need me anymore.
All you got to do is dive into any biology book and find out all the magic of DNA.
Read about all and find all the videos of people talking about how cool DNA is, how cool DNA is, how cool the enzymes around DNA are, how amazing telomeres are, and all the proteins that are around DNA to stabilize it, and how those proteins are opened and closed, and what epigenetic modification is.
Think about all those things.
until you listed them all and then double-checked them all and then realized that RNA has absolutely none of them.
Uh-oh.
Is that only on one side?
It is.
Hmm.
Did I hit the balance funny?
Let me see what's going on there.
Okay, it doesn't matter.
That's all right.
It's probably this thing here.
being a little out.
There it is.
So that's the thing, right?
You can also just think of a few things like I talked about in the red pill episode.
telomeres, for example, are these things at the end of DNA, and they have to be there because you can't copy all the way to the end of DNA.
But somehow you can copy all the way to the end of RNA.
Um,
Because if you can't copy all the way to the end of RNA, you have a big problem.
Why is that?
Well, because when they put these RNAs into their cell cultures, you don't get a lot of RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
That's at the end of the genome, apparently.
And so you get a lot of the first genes.
And then as you get farther and farther in the genome, you actually get less and less of those copies.
So that's the other weird thing about all this literature.
We could talk about it until the cows come home.
The RNA replication problem, it just doesn't make any sense.
Kevin McKernan says that the reason why you have so many more spike protein messenger RNAs is because you need so many more spike proteins.
And that's why you also have more N protein.
and you have far less RNA dependent RNA polymerase genes or RNAs present, but that just, it just keeps asking the question, okay, but then how do you get full genomes to get packaged and coughed out into the, it doesn't, it doesn't work.
And of course, any debate about that will instantly have to come back to the first point, which is that, but RNA is not even DNA.
You're already working under the assumption that you're not making errors, that there's no proofreading.
You're making the assumption that proofreading exists because of Remdesivir.
If you don't understand that reference, you know, it's probably because you haven't been watching me for very long.
But Remdesivir and the papers that describe the mechanism of Remdesivir are primarily the literature base of this concept that coronaviruses have proofreading ability.
And the proofreading ability makes them be able to sustain such big, such big genomes.
I'm sorry, but I actually am moving more and more toward the idea that they are covering up a whole space of
of release.
In other words, if they tell us a story about self-replicating RNA molecules that are in fat bubbles that look a lot like a lipid nanoparticle with some protein on the outside, if they tell us elaborate stories about these being in the wild, at the same time that they're releasing them and tweaking them and measuring them and watching them go,
then we think that, well, there's stuff coming out of bat caves.
Oh, there's stuff leaking out of viruses or out of laboratories.
In reality, these people are in the midst of a long Earth-wide experiment on how is it that these RNA signals and packet information on the genetic level are transmitted between people?
Can we hijack it?
Can we track it?
Can we see the evolution of these signals?
And if these are the questions they're actually asking, then you would need a very select number of acolytes that could go out there and talk about gain of function viruses and how they're real, but you know, we weren't sequencing for them and PCR works, I'm a master, I do it in weed.
And give all of the cover for RNA being able to do something it definitely can't do.
So that they can cover the release of RNA.
the testing of RNA already is occurring.
That's now how I feel, that that's what they're covering up.
It is an active covering up of a deployment of a technology and also the active covering up the recycling of old technology.
That's what the infectious clones problem is all about because actually I've just realized right now as I'm talking that infectious clones in the literature provides
beyond a doubt proof that all of these technologies that were rolled out as countermeasures and that are probably gonna be granted and are applying for new patents are applying for new patents on very old, well-known, widely understood ideas and concepts.
And that may be one of the primary roles of these people in seeding the narrative of a gain of function RNA
free-ranging the world was to make sure that these new technologies that were being rolled out were accepted as new, accepted as patentable instead of things that were definitely not patentable because they were DARPA technologies already being tested in Moderna trials for a long time, published in Moderna trials.
So we all know about it.
We all knew about it.
It's used on the academic bench.
Adenovirus transformation is used on the academic bench.
It was used by me for years.
So rolling it out as AstraZeneca and Johnson and Johnson was absurd.
It's not new.
There were no patentable ideas there.
Think about that for a minute.
No patentable ideas for sure in the adenoviruses because that is a very tried and true, still being used technology on the bench today.
So that's the one they burned.
They burnt that one.
They said, oh yeah, that one's not working.
It's got a lot of bad side effects.
The same exact side effects that transfection was expected to have, but it was gonna be harder to detect because they probably rolled out a lot of placebos so that they could meet any manufacturing quota.
And more importantly, they would only have to pay attention to a limited spectrum of people.
They already knew how to do this.
The American vaccine lots are all scrambled across the United States with the specific idea of not potentially alarming everybody if an event were to take place in one locale.
Also, just the truth that none of these people want to talk about.
They want to talk about the gain of function virus with the 19 nucleotides that I had coffee with the author about in 2021.
And so if I'm right about these things, that RNA cannot pandemic, that intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin, that we are pattern integrities with a trajectory through time, that the Human Genome Project has just begun, then we have a chance.
This is the door.
You don't need, nobody needs to give me credit.
You need to write your own books.
You need to write your own sub stacks.
Explore how these, try to debunk these ideas.
and we will win.
Make these ideas sharper and we will win.
And now I know, I know, I know, I know, I know that a lot of people say they get tired of this, but I never get tired of this because this is my therapy.
This is how I convince myself every day that Papa is not crazy.
But Robert Malone was around from the very beginning, but didn't come out until 2020.
And now he's here telling us how we should reform our FDA.
Ha, ha, ha.
And he's said basically all of these things.
That's why I call team intellectual property team, Robert Malone.
What they're really doing, what they're really doing is what GigaOM exposed that the investigational vaccines are actually old technologies known previously as transformation and transfection.
They were on Robert Malone's resume.
And you can find that courtesy of Mark Kulak, Housatonic ITS, Housatonic Live.
After Byron Bridle released the Japan FOIA documents in June of 2021, subject matter expert on transformation and transfection, Robert Malone was surgically inserted into the social media networks of the skeptical dissidents via Joe Rogan and Brett Weinstein, where he called them gene therapies.
a twofold enchantment because gene therapies makes them not old transfection and transformation technologies, and it also makes them therapies right away instead of what they are, which is transfections and transformations.
And their role was to coordinate an effort to obfuscate the relationship to previous likely military intellectual property by propelling and protecting a narrative of a novel laboratory pathogen going endemic.
That's, I think, the best summary of what was done to us.
It doesn't matter if you like Joe Rogan or Brett Weinstein, they might not even know what they did.
I don't think everybody who's involved knows what was done, but they know for sure they're on the winning team.
And I can give you lots of examples of that in this talk.
We have seen, for example, that Mary Holland was inserted very early in the narrative in the same year that the
The paper with Ralph Baric and Shengli Shi, where they did the gain of function of SARS, was published.
She was very specific that it is a component of the vaccines and that the vaccines are not tested.
There was no biological challenge of the principle in general, which is again what I am arguing we need to do.
I wanna bring this truth to these people and I just don't believe that these are the people that will accept it because they were already a part of this limited spectrum of debate.
That's why Rand Paul was there in 2015 on the same program.
That's why they had some random Jewish lawyer talking about anti-vaccine people as being nuts.
That's why they also had taught Paul Offit on that same program selling his second book.
and why Paul Offit is exactly the same guy we're still arguing with on TWIV and still heading the ACIP.
Because that's how this is done.
And these people should not be leading us out of the pandemic unless it's by design.
A guy who stood in front of a contagious infectious disease today talking about Arbo viruses at a world vaccine summit should not be talking to us as a dissident emu farmer today.
unless it's by design, unless we are actually still trapped inside of the limited spectrum of debate that this guy also defines.
James Lyons Weiler is a guy who has advocated for the genetic screening of all children to find the genetic vulnerabilities to the specific components of vaccines to make the vaccine schedule safe.
So he does not understand that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances doesn't make sense.
And there's a reason.
It's because that's by design.
This illusion of consensus can be broken in a heartbeat because we can finally enunciate what the problem is.
That intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is almost impossible to rationalize medically.
Unless your goal is to gain complete control and eliminate sovereignty of the population.
so that the most egregious violation of your body is normalized 12 times before six months old.
This guy was in place at the beginning of the pandemic to say the same thing that Jessica Rose said a couple of days ago on Brett Weinstein's podcast, that there's an interesting 19 nucleotide insert that has a fear and cleavage site that might mean it was
it might mean it was a lab leak.
But PCR works great.
And that's by design.
The same reason it's by design that somebody that worked at the Human Genome Project named Kevin McKernan was on all kinds of podcasts in 2020 talking specifically about the FDA getting in the way and how PCR works, that's why he's testing pot, and why he wrote a paper with somebody like Claire Craig who was on the 100,000 Genomes Project before the pandemic collecting genomes as a diagnostic.
It's all the same narrative.
You can go to my Batcave channel and see those three videos of Kevin McKernan that I've archived there and see the story being told in real time and then find out and understand why it's so extraordinary what he said.
PCR works, just not the way the WHO did it.
It's probably not as novel as Tony claims, but it's definitely there because apparently RNA can do the same things that DNA can do according to the Human Genome Project guy.
And he's testing weed for SARS-2.
That's what he says.
Claire Craig was in place in the beginning of the pandemic to tell us that PCR testing is a trade-off a lot like restaurant food is.
That if you want it fast, it's not gonna be as tasty.
If you want it fast, it's not gonna be as cheap.
But you can get cheap and fast and it won't be very good.
You can get cheap and tasty, but then it's not gonna be fast.
And she actually explained that relative to PCR.
accepting the novel virus that endangered millions and completely ignoring the murder that was going on in Scotland and the UK around the very place she's from.
She calls herself an AI optimistic skeptic.
That was extremely appropriate how slow that tempo was.
And so yes, I think it's really important to focus on the fact that I think this was a coordinated operation that the Dutch government admitted it might have been a NATO coordinated operation.
And now if we get into DITRA and the fact that DITRA is with the State Department, and the fact that this is a DITRA agent,
Now things are starting to make a little more sense.
The fact that Charles Rixey, a former Marine working on some kind of State Department level stuff, was actually saying he got invited to his ranch.
This is all not anecdotal anymore.
It's not anecdotal that at the same time he says, George Webb is a bad guy.
George Webb was on 60 Minutes, obviously a bad guy, and does a podcast after the Brett Weinstein show with Paul Cuttrell, the hero of George Webb.
They are all one network.
It's an admission over time.
Because it's a very small group of people that can keep this ship on narrative, that can avoid the pitfalls, can avoid the obvious illusion that RNA can't pandemic.
It's only a few people that are capable of doing it.
And that's why the same people have gone around the world with him for six years.
That's why people associated with him on the Tommy podcast are also associated with breaking up the original Doctors for COVID Ethic group formed by Stephen Frost.
The only group that has consistently supported my work by asking me to come back by posting my videos, Panda has not done that.
Panda I presented three times and Panda has none of those videos up.
Michael Palmer's Doctors group I presented this year and they lost that video.
CHD has hidden my podcast behind Robert Malone's name on Spotify.
And these are all statements you can verify that mean one thing and one thing only.
That I have something that these people do not want you to hear.
That's why Robert Malone and Steven Hatfield and Brett Weinstein and Jessica Rose and Denny Rancourt and Nick Hudson were all on the same stage in Romania at the end in November of 2023.
It is a NATO
Five eyes, internationally coordinated, big pharma coordinated.
We are threatening the IP of the next 20 years here, ladies and gentlemen.
We are threatening the model of pharmaceuticals for the next 20 years, ladies and gentlemen, if we bring transfection and transformation back to 2019, where they are known and tested and widely distributed.
methodologies that are way past the possibility of being patented.
That's the illusion these people are protecting.
That's why they get paid so much money.
It's probably private money from the people that have a vested interest in these patentable, non-patentable debates not occurring.
Callahan called, but he already had a review written with Rickey, who now has a paper with Jessica Rose.
The whole thing that happened at the CHD inaugural conference was very terrifying in retrospect.
But we are here now.
We are here where music videos with this guy and all these other guys like JP with the long red hair, they're all in these videos together because they are all part of the same.
They are all part of the same military PSYOP.
And I don't like to use that phrase because people dismiss it, but that's essentially what it is.
It's a military style PSYOP, but it's probably not militaries.
It's probably ex-funded or Palantir funded.
Because that's what these kinds of people do.
They put together a little group, they spin their team up.
Maybe that's what Robert Malone was actually meaning when he said he spun his team up.
It had nothing to do with spinning a team up that was going to use AI and X-ray crystallography models of two viral proteins to scan the entire FDA catalog of nutraceuticals and pharmaceuticals for re-
repurposed drugs, he spun up his team to control the narrative.
And that's why that guy that we just saw storming through the door with Robert Malone is also on only Australian TV acting normal and American TV acts ridiculous.
And that's why because they're all working for the same show.
It's convincing the world that America equals Israel.
And so we might as well just destroy that place.
that America is responsible for the virus, so we might as well just destroy that.
Screw those people.
If they elect Donald, screw those people.
That's what they want the world to believe.
That's what I think Robert Malone would love the world to believe.
But then he made a crucial error, which was an admission that I've been waiting for for almost two years now, that actually him and this military operation include the mice and the other animals on social media.
The mice on social media are accounts that are used by people, maybe same people, maybe other people that are employed to create illusions of consensus and create conversations and arguments that would otherwise never occur.
to make it look like people are paying attention to people's posts, to give people fake people to subscribe to and fake people to argue with.
And that's what Kevin McCarran represents to me, fake people to argue with.
There's no other way to explain why he and Paul Cuttrell invited me on five consecutive podcasts in March of 2020 to talk about all of this stuff.
There's no other way to explain it except for one way and one way only, and that is because it was part of the operation from the very beginning.
And that's why Addy Adds was in there, another guy associated with George Webb before the pandemic.
I don't know if it's the FBI and DITRA working together.
I don't know who these people are, but I know for sure that it's all one team.
And this is an admission by Robert Malone on the 8th of November, because by posting that video by an anonymous mouse, and it was a video composed of clips taken from Kevin McCairn and Charles Rixey, where they are doing one of their hundreds of hours of streams against me.
Now, we did watch this video already with Meredith, so I don't think we need to watch it here, but it's important to know that that video may already be gone.
That Substack article may already be deleted because of the show that I did with Meredith, because of the way that it makes them look.
This is an admission that this pruda, this stuff is produced by the same people.
It is one network of people.
Jiki Leaks is part of the same network that Panda and Heart are a part of.
And yes, there are good people in those organizations, but at the top, they are sabotaged by people like Claire Craig, by people like Jonathan Engler, by people like Jessica Hockett, by people like Nick Hudson.
Nick tries his best to try and be my friend, but he's not my friend because he won't say these very simple biological truths like RNA cannot pandemic.
It can't.
And so, you know,
Some people were mad because she didn't say, um, or she was so rehearsed, but you know, she's been working hard across the pandemic, trying to break people free of this idea of mass psychosis or the idea that they're responsible for what occurred when we know that this was done to us.
And I really feel like Meredith is who she says she is.
And I'm very happy that Robert Malone's team was so silly to have used her and so silly to be kind of making a joke.
So naively using a clip that I actually created specifically for them, the hat clip, using this very awesome clip of Mark Kulak saying that if you don't say murder, then what are we really talking?
He says exactly what needs to be said.
And so it's the perfect PSYOP, because you invert, you imply the inverted of everything that you posted here.
And the fact that there are no links to Meredith, no links to me, no links to Mark Kulak, while at the same time, Robert Malone is happy to provide links for George Webb in his 60 Minutes episode, tells you everything you need to know.
And so he provided a link to the anonymous account on Twitter.
He provided a live link for the video of Kevin McCairn.
And he used video clips of us, but no links.
That's how you see it.
Even when he said he was fighting with Sasha Latipova, he gave links to her substack.
They help each other by arguing with each other with links.
That's why this video exists, ladies and gentlemen.
It is an admission, unfortunately.
It's an admission that this illusion of consensus was created by these people, that Kevin McCarren is not an insignificant player because of the fact that they needed him on the worth just for me.
I really think that's where we're at, where you can realize that some guy in Japan who was retired from neuroscience was recruited because he worked for a guy at Pitt.
And he could call me up and say, hey, I used to work for so-and-so.
I did my PhD or my postdoc with him when he was at California.
I heard your part of drastic.
You want to do a live stream together?
Oh, cool.
You used to work with him?
That's awesome.
Wow, small world.
And that's why he's done hundreds of hours dedicated to me and dedicated to Mark.
That's why I was a link on his dojo for years.
Because his primary job was to associate with me, to discredit me.
all those years of saying anti-semitic things and racist things and homophobic things and all those years of slides with rainbow dildos on them while he had a link to me on his website was exactly that.
And it took me a year or two years almost to see through it.
I just thought he was crazy.
Not that he was actually involved.
One of my biggest clues was is that he's never really inspected Robert Malone at all and never really come down that hard on Kevin McKernan.
And actually in his very last stream that I caught in the first 15 minutes, he actually gives a hat tip to Kevin McKernan, gives a hat tip to sequencing technologies like nanopore and claims that he's gonna start using those technologies in his hamster experiments, which is hysterical.
For five years,
Can you really explain a guy in Japan working with a guy named Charles Rixey for nearly five years starting his stream with more slides about me than anybody else?
Can you really explain that any other way other than him being paid to do it?
We would waste their time with this.
I have 3,000 subscribers.
Nobody sees me on Twitter.
I've been fired by everybody.
So presumably I've discredited myself.
And yet this guy still exists.
And the other slides are about Ukraine.
And so he goes between talking about Ukraine and the New World Order and the Jewish New World Order and me, I guess.
For five years?
Keep in mind that Steve Kirsch wanted me to help him write a grant proposal that Steve Kirsch could then fund.
And actually, Steve Kirsch, in an actual text message on my phone, offered to fly me to Tokyo to work with him.
It's a pretty inconvenient text message, isn't it?
My phone is full of that shit.
Excuse my language.
And so this is the latest thing.
It's like 20 minutes long, and I think it's really appropriate to watch it.
Oops.
You've just been fucked by PSYOPs because physical wounds heal.
Interesting thing to flash up there right at the beginning of the show.
Just for a second, he flashes it up there.
It's funny.
Come on, camera, do it!
Guys, stop fucking working!
Here, there it goes.
All right?
Welcome everyone, and, uh... A fucking week's gone by since we did the last stream, and, uh... You know, it was, um... It was a pain in the pussy, wasn't it?
And, uh... Who am I to get in the, uh, way of the will of the peo- pe- Won't it work?
Will of the people?
The, uh...
The plebiscite has spoken.
America, your savior is here.
See, what the problem is here and the thing that I'm trying to accentuate is that Robert Malone posted a video of this guy.
And I've already been thinking for about four and a half years that this guy and Charles Rixey and Matt Crawford and Brett Weinstein and and Chris Martinson are all coordinating their actions.
And that's why they all had intimate contact with me.
And they're probably linked through Elon Musk and Peter Thiel because again, Eric Weinstein's an advisor to Peter Thiel and Elon Musk is a dork.
And so I'm not saying he's important except in my own little story about seeing the alien.
I don't think you should go watch him.
I don't think he has had any big effect except on me.
And it was needed, it was necessary, because I was one of the only people who was threatening to destroy this illusion of new intellectual property, this illusion of new biology, where an RNA can pandemic and go endemic from a mud puddle.
This is a mythology that they want us to teach our kids.
And so every little bit of the truth needs to be controlled.
That's why he exists.
It's just for me.
I know that sounds crazy, but that's the only thing that makes sense because he's not, he can't be making money.
Who's funding these experiments except for maybe Steve Kirsch.
And, you know, he wants to hear about fucking boring lab work.
When, when our savior has come down from the skies and everything, everything should all be way okay now.
and uh you know now he's talking about trump and it's very important because we're going to listen to this until the end and what you're going to hear at the end is actually kevin mckernan is a hero and is a savior i shit you not this is a stream from a couple days ago wrap up work here go on sleep the sleep of the just but a god
A card to card to card, it is in fact 10 to 3 in the morning.
That bleak when I'm about 3 hours ago, it's literally taken me 3 hours self to stream.
Why is that?
It's just the world that I live in and the world which I am about to share with you.
Because why do you follow me?
Well, it's Jihad Science right?
I don't know.
But looking better, yeah, you know, it's sort of, I've noticed, I have this pattern now of, it hasn't gone away, my brain.
I'm a brain transformer.
But what have I noticed with that?
very obvious sort of anatomical underpinnings to it and so there are moments in the day where I have quite, how would you say, explosive tics and that will be, embarrassingly enough, when I have to take a piss and
and yes, it's a corollary to that.
Temperature, if I shiver, right?
So if I go from like warm to hot and I shiver, it causes me to tick.
And then in the morning or after I've woken up from sleeping, it can be very bad.
And I think the reason for that is is because I'm probably prone
I don't know if that means meeting at the worst right that I snore, but I'm probably not getting enough air in my sleep.
And if I have a hypoxic injury, it's aggravating it.
and I'll be quite verbal in the morning when I wake up and quite jumpy I guess but yeah generally I feel better and working and jiggering and jaggering yes jiggering and jaggering and
What did I want to do?
I want to just update on progress in the lab, because that is primarily what I am doing.
It is literally 24-7.
I am literally living in the lab.
He is living in the lab.
One interesting observation I have made in downloading and cataloging all this stuff
because it's going to be important someday to make sure that these videos don't disappear, especially the ones that refer to me.
This one won't.
Is that when Charles Rixey and Kevin McCarran are on the same stream together, it's often the same level of sunlight in both places.
And I'm not really sure where they live anymore.
It could be that they're in the same place or similar places, but I understood that
that Charles had moved back to somewhere in Virginia, and I understood that this guy was from Japan.
But I could be wrong.
I don't know anymore, but I know that the sun is often bright in both of their images.
And actually, they have the same blinds, which is also funny, because I wouldn't have expected necessarily the blinds to be the same in two different countries.
That would be especially interesting.
Anyway, I'm going to keep going.
And the, you know, there's just people invested a lot in, you know, wanting to see what we see.
And I've promised to try to do it as real time as possible.
Now, I must begin with an apology because what I hoped would be sort of
long and in-depth live stream similar to how we did with the vaccine exposures.
I wanted to do the same as we move towards testing RT-Quick.
It's a real-time quaking-induced conversion.
of prion protein should it be turning from its normal form into the scrapey form.
So he's actually doing experiments where he's supposedly inducing changes to scrapey and this is research?
Research paid for by Steve Kirsch and some other dude and some other people?
Are you kidding?
All I can do is basically just fill you in on the details of the week as we sort of move towards that experimental goal and aim.
And so we were unfortunately
unable to live stream that and i was impatient to get the data now um i don't want to be um making excuses but they were very very extenuated so he couldn't get the live stream to work he was going to live stream the experiments now i was able to pull off a live stream at a community center with shitty wi-fi but apparently him in the laboratory
With all this expertise and stuff, he couldn't live stream what he wanted to live stream.
So he's telling you an excuse.
Now he's going to tell you that despite that, he also didn't do the experiment the way he intended, which doesn't sound like very good science to me, especially if you have some responsibility to the funders.
were unable to execute the experimental plan as I would have liked and I will explain that more as we do the stream and then I've picked an old paper because I think people have questions about
methods and what we look at where I can show you know where I managed to record we can just look at little clips and then I can hopefully explain some of the so he's making recordings from hamsters or is he is he making video recordings or what because again he purports to be doing jihad science
And this is a man who has spent more than five years, a significant portion of five years exclusively dedicated to trying to discredit me without ever once talking about the biology, except for to say, yeah, clones are real.
Clones can go around the world too.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
the reasoning and we can look at a paper as to why we've gone down this particular pathway when there are many ways you could have gone about doing it and just we or I have to decide.
I have no responsibility.
What are you doing?
Maples, good to see you bro.
Let's get CPAP.
Yeah, I keep I should look that big bottle behind me is medical oxygen just suck on that now and the Is that a joke?
Well, are we supposed to just get better right?
It's just uh
Is it lost on anybody that Mark and I lost our friendship with Jessica Hockett the moment we started pushing the idea that, holy crap, they were giving people pure oxygen at way too high of flow rates with way little control.
And look what happens when you do it.
There's literature about it.
That's actually the weak.
when Jessica Hockett decided that she had to say to Mark that he's gonna call the police on him and that maybe I wanted to talk to her about mending fences with Jonathan Engler.
It's real time visible right now, this network, and it's probably not gonna be as visible in three months or in six months or a year.
But right now, the network is so visible, it's absurd.
And it's because Robert Malone did a sub stack using a video from an anonymous account, an anonymous mouse account with videos from my four year clown show.
What do you say?
It's just brain injuries, man.
It's just fucking slow going sometimes.
And like the world doesn't stop because you've stopped.
And yeah, you know, it was the election of elections going down, right?
And I don't know.
I don't want to be too much of a whoops.
I want Americans to enjoy maybe, you know, a sort of feeling of, you know, perhaps there is hope and change coming.
I'm more cynical in my old age.
Listen carefully.
I don't think shit, well, I think actually a lot will happen, but I don't think it will be what you were expecting.
Doesn't that sound like a real ally?
Doesn't that sound like who somebody is really hopeful for the world and really wants America to come out of this?
Ha ha!
Full bonding.
But yes, so it is no more vaping.
Get you on about.
Stop vaping, sir.
It's good for you.
So he has trouble sleeping.
He has sleep apnea.
He's on oxygen, but he also keep on vaping.
I've got a limited bandwidth.
When I think vaping, that's it.
Everything changes.
But yes, I'm not stopping vaping.
Nothing.
You can have all that fucking healthy lifestyle and what have you, but you've got to live a little bit.
And vaping, yes.
You're not allowed cigarettes these days!
And mints are fucking too difficult to get, whereas ambiguous looking fluids that supposedly contain nicotine is somewhat easy to get, so... That's the game in town for the doc.
So, kick off over there.
And whilst I just hit the vape a little bit more.
right uh so i think um as it's three o'clock in the morning and um there's lots to do today as well um i'll i'll dive straight in and uh where to where to begin um we'll begin with the uh the memes and
This one's been cracking me up.
But, let's do this one.
And let's do, it's this button, isn't it?
Oh, it is.
Hemp for a trash bag.
With hamster epaulettes.
Shout out, good doggy.
And a vape, I just noticed the vape.
Glad to catch you, I've been watching since 2020.
Yeah, man, it feels like I've been doing this for a long fucking time.
That is for sure.
Did I imagine this trajectory?
No, not at all.
Do I think, look, it would be nice to think that the new governance of the United States and all the big names going in and it's gonna spin on a dime and everything will be A-OK.
I'm... I'm too much of a...
but spent too long in trash bags to fall for that one again.
So I'll keep plugging away here.
I ain't getting a job in fucking American administrations or anything.
I'm better off, how do you say, staying independent as much as possible and taking shots at them from the side.
And that's where my originality, I suppose.
Original broach she had signs and I'll try to sort of maintain that and You see the Jews are busy infiltrating your nicotine juice supply You know what the DD I was looking you can buy What was it now?
It's like concentrated nicotine
I want to say it was like a thousand milligrams of nicotine.
And I was like, well, I need to go.
I've had to put back going to the United States.
He should be very careful.
Pure nicotine could kill you.
Yeah, it's pretty dumb, but he's talking about pure nicotine, but you can get pure nicotine powder.
That's not odd.
As we progress through the stream, but when I eventually get there, because I will go, I do want a break, but...
Let me get this part done.
Let's get the first bits of data before we step into the self-amplifying world of RNA and try to figure out what's the ground truth.
According to him, it's the same debate that Jessica Rose wants to have that self-amplifying RNA is so scary.
But self-amplifying RNA is exactly what coronavirus is supposed to be right, but it's a it's nature's version of it and they're everywhere It's extraordinary what's happening ladies and gentlemen, it's breaking as fast as they can bring it out.
Thank you gd for the uh, trash bag and for me that um
Just hold on, because the admission at the end of this segment is extraordinary.
We were in a surreal universe where as the election trick, I don't know how they do it and tune this thing, but like squirrels and coons being executed by government forces.
What is it?
I'm still not sure how to sort of take that and how much they're just fucking with my head.
I don't know.
Maybe I should get one of those tinfoil hats and stop her.
And I'm peeved that the coon didn't get as much coverage as a fucking squirrel.
But that's just me being Boris' and it is what it is.
All right.
Have you watched Epstein and McKernan stream?
Epstein and Kernan.
Which Epstein?
I don't know, you'd have to clarify that.
Are you talking about the Dark Horse podcast?
The.
Yes, I've seen that one.
You know, I'm.
I'm aware of the data that is being produced and you know I hope as we sort of plot around the plot around the space that I will be able to sort of leverage our that is a
one part of nanopore and I'm hoping that we can sort of add to the body of knowledge that's growing around spike exposure, lipid nanoparticle exposure and genomic impact.
But you know these are
So no contesting at all Kevin McKernan's role in the pandemic, his role in controlling the narrative about the virus and about PCR testing fidelity, no mention of the fact that he was on my podcast twice, no mention of the fact that I had a John Bodwin, Jessica Rose, Stephanie Seneff
Kevin McKernan stream on St.
Patrick's Day in 2023.
No mention of the five-person podcast with RFK that all connects back to this nonsense.
It's all the same thing.
Kevin McKernan was in place very early, just like Robert Malone was.
It's all one big team
preserving the illusion of the Human Genome Project, preserving the illusion of a high-fidelity understanding of the genetic signals in the background that for a long time, the only person that was going around doing TED Talks about that signal was none other than MetaBiota's Nathan Wolf, one of the most obvious charlatans on Earth.
It's all one big show, and unfortunately for me, I've had my own private clown show by the name of Kevin McCairn.
And that private clown show has led me astray a lot, made me confused a lot, made me frustrated a lot, made me focus on my own ego a lot.
But now that I'm finally free of him, it is an obvious example of how this was done.
Even if nobody's watching him anymore, he can't stop because if he stops, we will start winning because it will be an admission.
Just like Robert Malone sharing an anonymous account instead of one of his friends.
just like Kevin McCarran promoting X, just like everybody talking about how the bad misinformation is on X and that Elon's gonna save us by buying it.
It's all the same.
And so this hat tip to Brett Weinstein, this hat tip to Kevin McKernan, the fact that Kevin McCarran is actually on Locals,
The place where Brett Weinstein gets his money.
The place where Matt Crawford wanted me so bad to make a channel with his rounding the earth on locals.
It's got cryptocurrency to pay the people.
It's a money laundering operation, just like Substack is.
And it's owned by the same interests.
This is not an accident.
This is a careful demonstration of what can be done with coordinated lying on social media that we take as being some spontaneous representation of the best ideas rising to the top.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
I don't know why it keeps doing that.
For some reason or another, it keeps looping out, and I don't know why that is, so I gotta see if I can fix that.
But I won't worry about that now.
I don't need sound effects.
That's also why substacks are promoting other substacks, why Mike Eden, despite us having long conversations and being in contact for a long time now, Mike Eden has been unable to absorb the message that I've been trying to send him.
about infectious clones, about the lie of the manufacturer, about all these things.
And in reality, a pharma executive promoting another pharma executive about the certainty of what's occurred here without either of the pharma executives saying that the way that they manufacture these things is a known process with known shortcomings that all of us knew about before the pandemic and we're helping cover it up.
That's why former pharmaceutical executives are promoting other pharmaceutical executives instead of doctors that have spoken out or instead of people that lost their businesses or people that lost their children.
We're supposed to feel like the co-chair of Heart, Jonathan Engler, is some kind of hero for being a retired pharma exec who became a lawyer.
Stop lying!
Stop!
And that's why you have Mike Yeadon also promoting Sasha Latupova, the mother of Soph, and covering up the fact that some other doctor has already come out and said that anaphylaxis is the thing.
Sasha Latapova stepped in front of him, too.
Actually, Sasha Latapova stepped in front of a lot of people.
She stepped in front of people about batches and kill boxes.
Then she stepped in front of people and said it was the military releasing a toxin.
Now she's suddenly saying there was no virus.
And I always knew vaccines were bad.
I'm sorry, if I knew that vaccines were bad before the pandemic, I would have dedicated my life to it then instead of now.
If I would have known that vaccines were bad before the pandemic, before I had my daughter, Freddie, I would have been yelling about that at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine and losing my job before the pandemic.
Do you understand what I'm trying to say?
I'm ashamed of myself for not having figured it out earlier.
And the reason why I didn't figure it out earlier is because there has been a decades long coordinated plan to make sure we couldn't figure it out.
with as many meddlers, liars, imposers as is needed.
And social media has made it ever cheaper and more simple to do that.
And so the keeping it real example that I gave the last week is now just exploded into nonsense.
This lady who suddenly got to speak in front of the Senate, in front of Senator Ron Johnson, even though Senator Ron Johnson has been in contact with me since 2022 on the same day that Robert Kennedy Jr.
contacted me.
This lady has already gotten to speak in front of a Senate committee and she's got a YouTube channel that has all these guys on it in the last two months.
But before this, she was doing exercise videos and that's it.
Then suddenly she had Vincent Ranson Yellow on, that didn't go so well.
So then a year later, they suddenly fired her up and now look where she is.
Julian Michaels is on X and on Piers Morgan uncensored, getting interviewed with another intellectual dark web guy.
This is how it's done.
And if we can show our children, if we can show our fellow family members that this whole illusion of consensus is how we are governed, and that the pandemic was created this way, that murder was hidden this way, that murder by opioids is being hidden this way, we can actually pull our heads out.
Third Opinion by Dana Parish.
Who's that?
Have you ever heard of her?
Because she doesn't, she has one video on YouTube.
She has 117 subscribers, but somehow or another, she got an interview with Dr. Redfield and it's being circulated all across X. She's a songwriter that wrote two songs for Celine Dion.
Now she's decided to have a podcast called The Third Opinion and they kicked it off with an interview with Dr. Redfield.
She's only got, and before that she had some kind of Lyme disease thing that's got more videos than's possible to have produced in the six months of his existence.
People are being created, put in front of us with books to sell, promoted by Sanjay Gupta.
And now she's sure it's a lab leak.
There's no content on that channel yet if you go on the wrong tab.
But she got to interview Redfield last week.
She's on X.
What is happening here?
Welcome to Third Opinion.
I'm your host, Dana Parish.
And today I am thrilled to be bringing you this- With all that social media already going.
Former CDC director, virologist, Dr. Robert Redfield.
He was on the front lines of the- They don't have very many people left that can control the narrative.
There are very few people who can be put in place and inserted.
They're running out of people that don't get it.
They're running out of people who can do the song and dance.
That's why they're all gonna be recirculated.
That's why they need new podcasters that have no basis in reality to interpret what's going on.
That's why you have jokes like minority report with Sam Cedar.
What are they debating?
What's important to Sam Cedar?
People are scared, people are worried.
I think in many respects, very justifiably so.
If you are someone who wants
government to function and service uh the most amount of people possible and um protect citizens from corporate interests and curb the um and curb capitalism frankly uh so that profits are not all privatized and costs are not all socialized if you want um
Seriously, bring back Andrew Huff.
if you want people to be able to.
So this guy's from the left.
This guy believes in trans rights.
This guy believes in, you know, Donald Trump being a racist and whatever and whatever and whatever.
And so he's on the opposite side.
You probably don't see these people very often, but they're all over the place and they're all centering on the same people on this side, which is the Weinsteins and these clowns.
But I want you to,
keep in mind that this has been most hard for Eric Weinstein.
He is Peter Thiel's CFO and he is bewildered as to why.
When was this from?
Oh my god.
It's a long ass.
This is from November 12th.
Eric Weinstein responding to, let's just see the tweet that he's responding to first, please.
He's responding to Jeffrey Tucker.
People are now whispering that the Trump transition team does not have enough economists on its bench.
One might suppose that would worry me.
Actually, I'm not so sure.
Economists have massively underperformed in public life for years now and have been nearly as worthless as epidemiologists and many others in the expert class.
So are you kidding?
It's actually promoting the Brownstone Institute, promoting Weinstein on the Sam Seder majority report as being clowns and silly and anti-vaxxers.
And now you see it exactly how it is.
Within the limited spectrum of debate, there's a very lively debate within it.
And they amplify the most extreme ends of the spectrum so that the debate can be as lively as possible, so that they can take the biggest cuts on each other.
And it's all an elaborate illusion.
It's all an elaborate illusion.
I'm not even gonna play that anymore.
It's an elaborate illusion just like the rescue of the Republic was.
And it's an elaborate illusion that is created by an illusion of consensus that even germ warfare might be a part of because he's had these people on years ago and he's interviewed me and you need to make sure that that interview comes out because I nailed it.
Panda.
I gave three hard-worked presentations to them, and none of them are archived on their website.
This reveals them as traitors.
And you could put pressure on somebody like David Wiseman, who's a doctor in that group, who knows what he said about my first presentation, and could maybe be brought to see that Panda is being sabotaged, or at least the message of Panda that could be there is being neutered.
by the people at the top.
That's why Jessica Rose has lots of videos, and a clown like Matt Crawford has a bunch of videos, and even Robert Malone has videos there.
But my three videos are curiously absent.
But you can search for them and find them on all the other ones on Rumble.
Easy.
All the searches work for them, but not for me.
It's not because I have nothing to say, ladies and gentlemen.
It's because what I have to say can't be argued with.
It cannot be diluted.
That's why it's really important to understand this admission.
Does that mean that the State Department for us was involved?
That would be DITRA.
Of course, we know who was involved in DITRA.
Could it be the FBI as well?
Could somebody like George Webb be an FBI agent?
It's possible.
Is the State Department working with the FBI to run this operation?
I don't know who's working with who, but I know that NATO's involved.
I know that actually Jessica Rose has NATO funding on her scientific resume.
She's not a freelance scientist.
She used to use NATO funding to do postdocs.
So that's why it's extraordinary, this.
Three years before there was any hint of circulating SARS-CoV-2, Moderna patented a sequence that fully contains the information in... Shake that ponytail!
Shake it, Jessica!
Shake that ponytail!
about the 19 nucleotide insert that I had a personal conversation with the author of the paper in 19 or in 2021, where he tried to convince me over coffee in person in Pittsburgh, in Bethel Park, that it was evidence of a lab leak, that it was engineered.
That's why the insert was reversed in the cell culture patent.
Everybody should read that paper and understand what it means.
What I'm trying to explain to you is, is that they tried to get me to be one of these EpiGirl characters.
Tried to get me on this train so that I would essentially just promote them and be happy that they were getting heard.
That's how this works.
You get inside the cage and the motorcycles are riding around you and they say, stay right where you are and you'll be safe.
You're right where you need to be.
Well done, Jay.
Bom, bom.
And now we are at the end of 2024, and these super clowns are pretending that they are at the cutting edge of a narrative, but they are exactly where I was when I got fired from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 2020.
Exactly where.
Not kinda, but exactly.
the fern cleavage site and the flanking regions yes the flanking restriction yes it's 19 nucleotides long and these guys i really i it's kind of like a high level paper for people who don't uh know the terminology but i i still i think everyone that's why i read the title should go try and read this and understand what they did
Hey folks, welcome to the Dark Horse podcast.
I have the distinct honor and pleasure of sitting this morning, well, it's morning for me, with Dr. Jessica Rose.
Dr. Jessica Rose is a freelance scientist with a complex background.
She started in applied mathematics, moved to immunology, then to computational biology, then molecular biology, and then to biochemistry.
Did I get it right, Jessica?
Yep.
That's the secret.
Excellent.
Well, welcome to Dark Horse.
Thanks.
Jessica and I have known each other online for quite some time, and we have now met twice.
We've met in Romania.
They met in Romania, where Meryl Nass, longtime associate of Robert Malone, as documented by people like Vilma in the chat, in her substack,
where they spoke with Veera Sharma already in 2011 in front of the government on a phone about the anthrax vaccine, long time bioweapons expert, along with Steven Hatfield, who was actually on stage with her, and Brett Weinstein, and Denny Rancor, the guy who won't really call these people out, but kind of does, sorta.
And in this video, Jessica will say that Denny Rancor says that there was no virus, but you know, it's kind of a disagreement that we can all disagree about.
Mark Kulak said it best.
The disagreement isn't about whether there's a virus or not.
The disagreement is about whether or not they use murder to do it.
The disagreement is about whether they're lying about opioids as a source of the decrease in life expectancy in America to do it.
that they use supplementary oxygen to do it, and a lie about ventilators to do it, that people like Bret Weinstein with bandanas and woodshop goggles to do it.
People like Epigirl.
From the Spars document on page 48 through 53, those kinds of persona are who these people are.
And you can see the documents describing them.
But this is, of course, the 2024 manifestation of it, where we've assimilated ourselves to all these different social media platforms as being the best substitute for free speech and communication.
And so we are subject to enslavement because of that.
at the International COVID Summit, and then in Geneva, battling the World Health Organization, where Jessica Rose had the audacity to rap about this stuff.
I have become quite fond of Jessica and her work in the COVID dissident space.
She's a very unique person.
You can find out more about her at her... Make sure you understand that we are no longer, GigaOM Biological is no longer in the COVID dissident space.
We are in the Human Genome Project Biology 101 dissident space.
her website, just a point of interest.
I know that Jessica is actually a competitive surfer.
And so that was an interesting fact about her, which may or may not come up to you.
I was a competitive longboarder, so I don't do that anymore because I think everybody in their competitive trajectory, no matter what it is, gets to a point where it's just not fun anymore.
So I wanted to get back to the fun and
Yeah, totally get it.
But um charlie don't surf but jessica does
All right, so we are going to talk today.
I don't know where this conversation is going to go.
There's a tremendous amount of territory that would be worth discussing with you, Jessica.
But one thing I know that you and I are both focused on is a- Jessica does have a twin, not that that necessarily matters, but so does Judy Mikovits.
Rift that has shown up in the space of the COVID dissidence or the medical freedom movement, as it might be.
Mary Holland and David Martin both have siblings that work in the CDC or the NIH.
That doesn't matter, though, to be described.
And this is something that I think requires a deep dive and it requires a careful hand because I see a couple of different kinds of people
who are doing damage, as I see it, to the medical freedom movement over what should just simply be an analytical disagreement.
There's a disagreement between a group of folks who believe that there was no novel pathogen involved in what we call the COVID pandemic, and then there are those of us who believe that there was a novel pathogen.
just to be perfectly clear.
The fact that some of us believe that there was a novel pathogen does not mean that we believe that there was an actual pandemic.
Pandemic is a term that has a definition, which was changed, changed in a direction.
So we're already here.
Now in 2020, that was the big debate about whether or not the WHO had changed the definition of a pandemic.
We are actually in 2020 right now with the bandana wearing, woodshop goggle having guy,
about the fact that the definition of pandemic was changed.
This is a biologist talking to a computational biologist, immunologist, molecular biologist, biochemist about a RNA phenomenon.
And they're not talking about the biology.
They're talking about the WHO definition in 2024.
that made it vastly broader and therefore included the phenomenon of COVID by removing the requirement that it have a... Now wouldn't it be crazy if he instead debated about whether or not RNA could pandemic?
Wouldn't it be crazy if evolutionary biologist and one of the most thoughtful biologists on earth, according to his brother,
were to actually think about the biology instead of debating about the semantic definition of a term that needs biological mechanism?
severity above a certain threshold.
So if we have I saw a comment on YouTube that will make everybody in the chat laugh, because it was a comment written where it took me the pandemic to realize that the Brett Weinstein brothers are the equivalent are Steven Seagal's of science.
That the Weinstein brothers are Steven Seagal's of science.
Oh, is that beautiful?
pandemic.
It was only by a new definition that appears to have been engineered for the purpose.
It appears to have been engineered.
And I will also just say for my part, I'm not claiming that you could not have had a an emergency of the style that we had in which there was no pathogen.
But all of that said, the evidence that I see suggests that there was a novel pathogen in circulation, that there is at least one, and that it is still circulating.
And so, so what part of the novel virus that killed millions and millions more were saved from that might've been from gain of function, but will definitely come again?
What part of that is he denying now?
None, absolutely none of it.
Havel virus is real.
The millions of deaths are real.
The millions that were saved were real.
The botched response was real.
It could be gain of function.
I don't think it was, but it could be in the future.
This is malevolence in its finest form.
Ladies and gentlemen, you need to be able to see it in order to teach your children how to see it.
You don't have to participate in it.
You don't have to talk about it.
You don't have to debate it a lot.
You just have to be able to see it clearly.
There's nothing wrong with people disagreeing with that and taking the position that there was no novel pathogen.
That is a viable hypothesis and one that is testable.
What he's not debating is whether RNA can pandemic or not, which is also very testable.
or not, depending on how well you understand the world.
Brett?
What I think you and I both find sad is the folks who behave as if anyone who thinks that there was a novel pathogen is stupid and or just doesn't get it.
It's not stupid or just doesn't get it.
I'm saying that you are purposely obfuscating the fact that murder and lies are responsible for everything.
I think that you are gaining comfort and fame and that you are getting multi-generational wealth for your family by sticking to the narrative that the Palantir X social media network bullshit Big Pharma is letting you stick to.
I don't think you're dumb at all.
I don't think you're naive at all.
And in fact, that's exactly not the argument I'm making.
And I'm also not making that argument about any of the no virus people.
The ones that have risen to fame, the ones that have been allowed to sell books, those people are just as in on it as Brett Weinstein, witting or unwittingly, they are propelling us into this future hell where our children believe in this mythology.
The fact is that is not a viable position.
It's not a position that anybody takes.
There's evidence.
Nobody is stupid.
They are traitors and liars.
You are exactly right, Brent.
Nobody is stupid anymore.
There's no excuse for being stupid for five years.
and that evidence is embedded in a background of noise and smart people might fall out in different places on this.
So Jessica, how should we think about this puzzle from your perspective?
Well, from my point of view, so first of all, there was an engagement between Denis Rancourt, who many people may or may not know.
He's a brilliant Canadian researcher.
And I don't like speaking for people, but I think it's pretty clear that he believes that there was no novel pathogen and that all of the damages, not some, but all.
So what this is, is a capitulation to what I tried to get Denny Rancourt to do in November of 2023, but he didn't do.
This is a capitulation to try and say, yeah, I've heard Denny doesn't think there's a virus, but, and then give some mealy mouth response to it.
without saying murder, without saying supplemental oxygen, without saying the opioid crisis reduced life expectancy in America, without saying that there was a coordinated media campaign to lie about the murder, without saying that the population pyramids of all the Western countries needed management.
without saying that there's clearly murder in Scotland, at least, that they lied about.
None of that is going to be said here, but she's gonna pivot immediately back to the 19 nucleotides, and I'm sure there was a molecule.
All of the damages incurred in terms of injury and death were the result of what the humans did.
And I think that there's a lot of truth in that.
What the humans did is murder.
And what did they do?
Are you going to say it?
Of course she's not going to say it.
However, I am of the opinion that it doesn't exclude the possibility that there was a new pathogen.
So we shouldn't investigate the murder and we shouldn't investigate the lies because it doesn't exclude the possibility that there's a pathogen.
It's hard not to be frustrated.
It's hard not to get worked up.
But let me get worked up.
Don't get worked up about these people.
Let me get worked up and enjoy a laugh as I get worked up.
Because in reality, I'm not worked up.
This is making me feel better about every basketball practice I do, making me feel better about editing episode two of JC on the hardwood, because I know that we will win because the truth is on our side.
And all we have to do is keep repeating it.
If I have to repeat it on the basketball court for other people to hear it, it's perfect.
just makes it easier for me and more fun.
Number two, a lot of people reported, like millions and millions of people reported experiencing quote unquote symptoms that they've never experienced before, which has yet to be explained.
Okay, I'm not gonna get too much into this, but what you actually see right here in my mind is a broken cross.
It's a broken inverted cross because it has an extra long hanger, and the hanger actually happens to be the same width as the cross.
And so if you accounted it as all the same cross, then it's definitely an inverted cross.
And even more importantly, it's a broken inverted cross, which I don't know if that has any significance, but it's definitely not obviously a Christian cross.
And I don't know why she would be wearing a Christian cross when she goes back and forth from Israel and has not spoken out about anything to do with Israel.
And oh my gosh, what's going on here?
And we have evidences of both a novelity and something that's pathogenic.
A novelity?
fantastic um and we can talk about that uh till till we're blue in the face um so i uh i i i agree with you i i don't i don't like fighting with people and i believe that people can can have their own
This foreign meddler has been in front of our Senate because of Senator Ron Johnson multiple times, and I have not, even though he called me in my front lawn in August of 2022 to say how awesome it was when he saw my stream with Charles Rixey about the diffuse proposal.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm trying to put the truth out there so that you can see that this narrative about the diffuse proposal and its discovery and its leak, and the narrative about the 19 nucleotides in the Fearon cleavage site, it was all seeded by these people, from James Lyons Weiler to Jessica Rose, and they've all been kept on point, on narrative, circling the globe.
International COVID Summit No.
7 coming up soon.
because there are only a few people who can keep us on narrative now.
Only a very few people can talk this much garbage for this long and stay and tap dance around the illusion.
And they have to do it now by talking exclusively about 2021 and the mystery that we solved and didn't save a single college kid from getting transfected.
They didn't save a single college kid from getting transfected.
And that's why I was making the argument in 2021 that they had to start using the word to save the college kids from it.
That's on this subject matter.
as much as they want.
And I liked that Denis was kind of, he made a comment about don't say anything about anosmia, which is the loss of sense of smell.
So we spoke since then and he was
invoking, you know, a discussion, which I think is great, because whenever there's a disagreement among intelligent people, like you and I were talking... I am trying to provoke a discussion every day that I am on air by succinctly stating the things that I think are an illusion.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Transfection was a product before the start of the pandemic, and so they are protecting this IP as new when it's actually old.
And the vaccine schedule in America was particularly criminal.
And we could have known that before the pandemic, but the people who did don't seem to know how to say it.
This is Epi-Girl from the SARS document.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, find the SPARS document, S-P-A-R-S, and look up Epi-Girl in it.
This is an example of that personality.
And there's hundreds of them out there.
I don't know if there's anything significant at the end of this, so I'm just gonna play it out.
about before, all we need to do is talk and maybe some minds can change and maybe, you know, we can improve our situation.
And by the way, I think that's really important because nobody doesn't want to improve our situation because there's been so much devastation for whatever reason.
And no one's going to refute the fact that most of the damages that were done were at the hand of men.
like everybody who knows that's called murder jessica that's called murder and neglect when people die of of secondary pneumonia or urinary tract infection or thirst or hunger or cold collaborators ladies and gentlemen these are all collaborators
Those who I am know that I'm not an advocate for modified mRNA, Ellen.
And now we're already back on to the intellectual property they are trying to protect as being new.
That's their job to distract us with a Scooby-Doo mystery to solve so that the countermeasures and all the diagnostics and all these tools that are just based on tried and true technology that's been used on the academic bench for years can be all patented as new devices, new medical devices.
It's all lies.
And that's why these people are in place.
That's why ex-pharma execs are promoting ex-pharma execs as ex-pharma execs as dissidents.
and people that have spoken in front of the who as dissidents because that's what's happening here.
Old IP is being recycled as new IP because the biological patent IP surrounding biologics was destroyed before the pandemic or at the beginning of it.
Put pressure on these people to acknowledge this statement and tell us why we're wrong.
Intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin, and in a pattern integrity with a trajectory through time, the earlier you do it, the stupider it is.
The concept of intramuscular vaccination in childhood is wrong.
push them on this or if they ignore it you can see right through them because this is an easy dunk for all of them just like saying infectious clones would be an easy dunk just like saying that we got to hold the government and the secretary of health and human services to more than the rational basis review if we're going to declare emergencies where multiple fundamental rights are being suspended
we're gonna have to require the government to be held to strict scrutiny to meet a set of you know list a set of circumstances that need to be met but none of that's going on and that would be an easy dunk for these lawyers also an easy dunk would be to point out that these countries all had the same problem to manage but they won't point it out
point out that the easy way to manage this would have been murder.
The easy way to roll out these things would have been to roll them out with placebos.
They won't say that.
The same people that won't say placebo are the same people who say endemicity, and the same people who had this whole list of nonsense to talk about at the beginning of the pandemic will say nothing about the fact that a background signal could be misconstrued as spread, especially if there's excess old people in need of murdering.
That's why these people were all put in place with all these crazy narratives about all the different things that would be expected to go wrong when they started transfecting a large population.
And those same people are still in charge now.
The same guy is now on Danny Jones's podcast where that guy with the orange glasses who knew all the conspiracy theories was on a couple months ago.
It's not accidental, ladies and gentlemen.
He's one of the few people who can make it sound right.
One of the few people who can do the detail bombing that's necessary to keep people's brains shut off so that they don't hear it's full of shit.
They are exaggerating the fidelity of this science and they are doing it to the detriment of our future generations.
They are governing us by not talking about the murder in 2020 and claiming that, oh, the shots are bad.
and not talking about the murder that happened in places like Scotland that's so easy to see it hurts.
Instead, we have Whitney Webb arguing with Brett and Eric Weinstein.
Maybe Whitney Webb is good, but I'm not sure because Robert Malone said she was a firecracker at the CHD inaugural conference.
So far as I'm concerned, her Epstein-Epstein thing is not really working for me, even in two volumes.
And that's why Whitney Webb, just like all these other people, will not cover me and not talk about how a background signal in old people and a background signal in opioid deaths, a background signal with pure oxygen being used, could be used to create the murder and lies necessary, that PCR can be used great in universities and shitty as a countermeasure, and still, it'll work fine, elaborate lies.
And of course you gotta cover up infectious clones and you gotta cover up transformation and transfection because then you'd be admitting that it was old, tried and tested widespread technologies that aren't worthy of patenting.
that even in the purest form, it was never going to work.
They knew that already from Jesse Gelsinger, but they did it anyway, ladies and gentlemen, because it was part of the elaborate illusion that the no-virus people are also part of because they're hiding the fact that infectious clones and that positive, that incredible pile of literature just reveals what I'm right about, the transformation and transfection in cell culture is being used to create the illusion of virology, which is
You'd think what the no virus people would have gotten to by now, but they haven't.
You would think the no virus people would be able to say this is right at least, but they can't because they are part of the same show that Robert Malone was part of.
You want to get your way out?
This is the way out.
Thinking your way out.
Healthy people do not get sick.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injection is just a bad idea for medicine.
And the Human Genome Project has just begun.
And if I'm right about these things, then you know darn well how close we are to breaking the illusion.
Thank you very much for helping me try and get this out.
Don't forget what social media it is.
Don't forget if you get on there thinking that you're making progress, you're not.
That's why I changed my profile picture to Brett Weinstein in a bandana because it's not real.
X is not real.
X is what they want you to believe is real.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is real.
My presentation to Senator Ron Johnson, pretty on point.
If you want to share anything, thank you very much for joining me.
If you want to support the stream, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support.
And if you want to share or watch or download and post elsewhere,
You can download everything at stream.gigaom.by.
I'll just give it a chance to transcode after I get offline.
I've got an interview in a few minutes, it looks like, according to my schedule.
So I'll see what I do.
I don't know if I'm going to live stream that or what.
I might be on in 20 more minutes.
So we'll see.
Thanks very much for being here.
I'll see you guys again soon.
Why is that going so slow?
Oh, I think I have to escape for a second and restart that because sometimes it gets too full of memory.
Thank you guys.
I will see you again soon.
Tomorrow for sure.
Daily as often as I can, but I'm also going to be editing and producing a lot of JC on a hardwood videos now because I like it and because it's fun for me.
And I got to find a way to make this slog a little more fun.
So that's what we're going to do.
We might do some fewer live streams and more of those, but.
Feedback on that will make those better.
We're gonna be throwing in figures and all that other stuff So it's gonna get better and better just like JC on a bike did all those years ago Thanks again for all your support ladies and gentlemen shout out to everybody who is keeping this ship afloat And I can't thank you enough.
I hope I'm making you proud
Thank you very much, guys.
I really appreciate all the comments and all the encouragement.
It's real nice.
I really, yeah, it's a small world, small little group of us, but we're growing slowly.
We're growing slowly.
Thanks guys.